## Ethical Implications

As engineers, when developing and creating a product, knowledge in operating ethically and professionally is important for both the moral integrity of the company as well as the safety and respect of the user/consumer. 
For the creation of this app project, many decisions in terms of responsibility and development decisions were made to ensure progress was made. Communication was paramount to ensure all members of the project knew the current state of the project as well as if any changes were made that needed to be pulled from the git repository. Delegating tasks allowed us to divide the workload into manageable portions and work together on combining all the files into one coherent program. And holding meetings at the beginning and end of the work day allowed us to visualize and plan ahead of time what, when, and how certain aspects of the project will be carried out.
Ethically our program was built to be fleshed out with various features often seen in modern day social media apps, while staying simple and easy to use by a wide range of possible users. We included email verification as well as password hashing to protect the data entered into our app upon registration. Privacy is also a key feature as users may change their username to stay anonymous as well as a simple account deletion process that removes all data pertaining to the said user to ensure no digital footprint is left.
Overall our app has the potential to change various spheres economically, environmentally, globally and socially. Economically our app could prove itself as competition to other giants in social media, given enough time and foresight in the direction we would like this app to go, this competition can invoke changes among other sites, thus improving the standard of social media sites as a whole. Environmentally, communicating via the internet allows for reduced use of traditional communication through pen and paper, saving trees, as well as reducing fuel consumption sending letters across the world. Lastly, globally and socially, our app allows all walks of life to be connected through the internet, allowing interactions between different cultures and helping expand their reach and teach the world of who they are.

